The following readme contains the information about the data released.

### LLM
This folder contains the corpus of LLM-Assisted Paraphases. There are two files: 
- human_sample_features.csv: contains the human written paraphases and the corresponding features.
- gpt_sample_features.csv: contains the gpt generated paraphases (GPT-3.5-turbo) and the corresponding features.
The files contain the feature values of the originally selected 145 features, the original, human-written text (*text*) and in case of gpt_sample_features.csv, the paraphase (*improved_text*)

### original
This folder contains the original data used for the analysis. There are two files:
- cacl_t1_reliable_features.parquet: contains the data of the 24 final features for the realistic dataset (cacl_t1). --> t1 = time period before release of chatGPT 
- cacl_t2_reliable_features.parquet: contains the data of the 24 final features for the synthetic dataset (cacl_t2). --> t2 = time period after release of chatGPT

### Human Annotation

The results of the annotation study can be found in the `human_annotation.csv`. The file contains the following columns:
- `id`: the id of the annotation
- `behavioral_data`: the time the annotator spent on the annotation
- `clarity_1`: the clarity rating for the first question that measures clarity
- `clarity_2`: the clarity rating for the second question that measures clarity
- `authenticity_1`: the authenticity rating for the first question that measures authenticity
- `authenticity_2`: the authenticity rating for the second question that measures authenticity
- `convincingness_1`: the convincingness rating for the first question that measures convincingness
- `convincingness_2`: the convincingness rating for the second question that measures convincingness
- `excitement_1`: the excitement rating for the first question that measures excitement
- `excitement_2`: the excitement rating for the second question that measures excitement
- `annotator`: the id of the annotator (anonymized)
- `acl_id`: the id of the ACL paper
- `title`: the title of the ACL paper
- `human_text`: the original human-written text
- `paraphrased_text`: the paraphase of the original text generated by GPT-3.5-turbo
- `which_text_is_human`: whether the left or the right text shown to the annotator was the human-written text (the other one was the GPT-generated paraphase)

`human_annotation/plots/distribution_all.png`: a plot showing the distribution of the preference ratings for the different dimensions (clarity, authenticity, convincingness, excitement) for the human-written and GPT-generated texts.
`human_annotation/analyze_annotations.py`: script to create plots, aggregate ratings...
The folder `human_annotation/study_potato/`contains the configuration files for the study. It was run with the potato platform. 
`human_annotation/study_potato/configs/annotation.yaml`: this contains the main config for the study -- the questions that where asked to the annotators. 
`human_annotation/study_potato/surveyflow`: the consent form, demographic questions, and description of the annotation study.

